docummentation about searchAPI parameters (#40)
woosmap/woosmap-geofencing-ios-sdk: doc/APIsRequest.md

}
```

### Request Parameters

Set parameter of the request (see all paramters on the documentation https://developers.woosmap.com/products/search-api/get-started/): 
```swift
WoosmapGeofencing.shared.setSearchAPIParameters(parameters: ["radius":"20000","stores_by_page":"2", "query":"tag:rugby"])
```
Note you can create a maximum of 5 POI on each response of the SearchAPI request.  So the parameter "stores_by_page" can't be exceed 5.

### User_properties filter

Set the filter on the user_properties in the response : 
```swift
WoosmapGeofencing.shared.setUserPropertiesFilter(properties: ["creation_date","radius"])
```

### Radius of POI

> On the creation of the region POI, you can set manually the radius with a value : 

Reviewer: When you create a geofence around a POI, manually define the radius value:

```swift
WoosmapGeofencing.shared.setPoiRadius(radius: 200.0)
```

> or set the radius of the region by defining the parameter name of the user_properties from the reponse : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or choose the user_properties subfield that corresponds to radius value of the geofence:
```
